README.md, before:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/HTlAZVnP)
[![Open in Codespaces](https://classroom.github.com/assets/launch-codespace-7f7980b617ed060a017424585567c406b6ee15c891e84e1186181d67ecf80aa0.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/open-in-codespaces?assignment_repo_id=12998174)
# Final Project

**Title:** Cryptonium
**Name:** Rohan Sikder
**Student ID:** G00389052  

## Application Function

This app is a Cryptocurrency tracker, It shows the Top 20 Cryptos on the market currently which you can see details of. You can sign up the app via email and password and enter in your trades and track how it is doing.
Add a screenshot image of the application in use. 

## Running the Application

```MARKDOWN
List the instructions step by step
    1. Run the command 'npm install' in the Crypto Dir.
    3. After all the dependencies have installed run the command 'ionic serve' in the Crypto Dir.
```

## Minimum Project Requirments

Confirm and demonstrate how you have met all minimum project requirments:

* The project, including code and documentaion, will be fully contained in the provied Git repo.
* The project **MUST** contain a working Ionic Angular app which matches the app you chose.
* The Ionic app must include the use of the Angular Router, Connection to a Backend service such as Firebase or Supabase, Use of a Capacitor native plugin.
* The app must not resemble in any way an app you have previously developed for another module or are currently developing for any project. 
* The code MUST compile. 30% grade reduction if code does not compile when I issue the ionic serve command. 
* The application code must be formatted in a consistent and standard way.
* The code must contain comments. One comment per class, method and variable at minimum.
* There must be two commits per week minimum (Note: Should be many commits per day coding).
* The documentation and commentary must be free of a grammar and speling mistakes.

## Project Requirments above and beyond

Discuss any application features or design elements that show you went above and beyone basic requirments.

## Application Architecture

Discuss in detail how the application is structured. List all pages and their purpose. List their methods and what they do. Discuss what structures are used to store data object.

Add a screenshot of the application architecture.

## Roadblocks and Unfinished Functionality

Issues I faces with this application was finding a robust api which has lots of functionality and which was working, Unfortunately this was difficult as the api I chose at the end , the candle api did not work which was intended to  be used to make a chart with various options for the user to choose from. Also i was having issues with npm and the dependency's I was trying as there where many I was playing around with this sort of broke npm which i ended up fixing.

Discuss the issues you faced with creating your application. Provide possible solutions to these issues. What would you have done differently if you had to do this again? What did you not get finished?

## Resources

* [Crypto API](https://docs.coincap.io/#d8fd6001-e127-448d-aadd-bfbfe2c89dbe) - Crypto API used to get crypto data

Commit message:

Using chart.js now added basic chart to Crypto details

README.md, after:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/HTlAZVnP)
[![Open in Codespaces](https://classroom.github.com/assets/launch-codespace-7f7980b617ed060a017424585567c406b6ee15c891e84e1186181d67ecf80aa0.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/open-in-codespaces?assignment_repo_id=12998174)
# Final Project

**Title:** Cryptonium
**Name:** Rohan Sikder
**Student ID:** G00389052  

## Application Function

This app is a Cryptocurrency tracker, It shows the Top 20 Cryptos on the market currently which you can see details of. You can sign up the app via email and password and enter in your trades and track how it is doing.
Add a screenshot image of the application in use. 

## Running the Application

```MARKDOWN
List the instructions step by step
    1. Run the command 'npm install' in the Crypto Dir.
    2. After all the dependencies have installed run the command 'ionic serve' in the Crypto Dir.
    3. Login Details for Website: Username: admin@admin.com Password: admin123
```

## Minimum Project Requirments

Confirm and demonstrate how you have met all minimum project requirments:

* The project, including code and documentaion, will be fully contained in the provied Git repo.
* The project **MUST** contain a working Ionic Angular app which matches the app you chose.
* The Ionic app must include the use of the Angular Router, Connection to a Backend service such as Firebase or Supabase, Use of a Capacitor native plugin.
* The app must not resemble in any way an app you have previously developed for another module or are currently developing for any project. 
* The code MUST compile. 30% grade reduction if code does not compile when I issue the ionic serve command. 
* The application code must be formatted in a consistent and standard way.
* The code must contain comments. One comment per class, method and variable at minimum.
* There must be two commits per week minimum (Note: Should be many commits per day coding).
* The documentation and commentary must be free of a grammar and speling mistakes.

## Project Requirments above and beyond

Discuss any application features or design elements that show you went above and beyone basic requirments.

## Application Architecture

Discuss in detail how the application is structured. List all pages and their purpose. List their methods and what they do. Discuss what structures are used to store data object.

Add a screenshot of the application architecture.

## Roadblocks and Unfinished Functionality

Issues I faces with this application was finding a robust api which has lots of functionality and which was working, Unfortunately this was difficult as the api I chose at the end , the candle api did not work which was intended to  be used to make a chart with various options for the user to choose from. Also i was having issues with npm and the dependency's I was trying as there where many I was playing around with this sort of broke npm which i ended up fixing.

Discuss the issues you faced with creating your application. Provide possible solutions to these issues. What would you have done differently if you had to do this again? What did you not get finished?

## Resources

* [Crypto API](https://docs.coincap.io/#d8fd6001-e127-448d-aadd-bfbfe2c89dbe) - Crypto API used to get crypto data
* [Chart JS](https://www.chartjs.org/docs/latest/) - Chart JS to make charts
